As shown on the previous slides on did dismiss is a great method to execute to listen to the dismissal
of The View Controller of the motile.
Now maybe you also recognize or remember we'll leave files showed this on the slide before now will
leave.
Simply returns and observable so we can subscribe to it and then have our first Colback 40 subscribe
Meffert which is executed whenever it does absorbable fires.
Now we can view the difference between on the dismiss and on we'll leave here you could think that we
also get Remove which is of type Boolean here.
So let's simply console log remove to see if this is the case.
And that's still the same here in on the dismissal on the console log.
Remove here.
Now let's see if both methods or if discernible and this callback are both fired or called.
And if we get the same result.
Let me quickly add a new quote here and then if I click on this and Ektachrome close you see null and
false and you maybe also solve that they didn't appear simultaneously.
Instead Knol appears first.
So we'll leave.
And on that Miss are kind of fired at the same point of time.
But then again not at the same point of time and they don't pass the same data on that dismiss is the
right method to use with the callback to be executed when it happens.
If you're actually dismissing a view controller like the modal well leave on the other hand is executed
right before it is removed and it's not caring about your view controller.
It's caring about the full component so therefore deadly would be closer from a time perspective because
like did this Mr. Snell's executed right after it was dismissed.
You can see this if you now add a quote here.
Now if you click on it and dismiss it it appears simul tenuously but the data still differs because
deadly believe and all those observables will not transport any data you pass with the dismiss function
because you're you're really dismissing the view controller and there is a kind of a differentiation
between the View Controller on which you can listen for it dismiss and will dismiss and to component
itself.
So if you're only interested in whether the modal was closed you can absolutely use this subscriber
this method here.
It's observable but if you also want to get some data on that dismisses the right choice.
Be aware that those who view control or Hooke's cannot only be used to modals any page is a view controller.
So there might be Avri use cases where we'll leave is better suited than here.
So enough of the talking we're getting back the information whether we want to delete this quote from
our favorite quotes.
So all we have to do here now is we have to call this quote service and there I simply want to say remove
quote from favorites and then of course pass the quote we pass to the on view quote method here.
Though of course I don't always want to call it.
I only want to call it if remove is true.
Otherwise I don't want to execute this method because well if it's false if I just want it to dismiss
the modal d'accord should not be removed from my favorites.
Right so with this in place let's see if this works as intended.
Let's load the application.
Let's add a quote.
Maybe a different quote.
Just one year.
Open up click click and favorite.
Well somehow it doesn't disappear right.
It disappears if we don't switch to page but it doesn't just disappear.
And when the modalists dismissed we have to switch to page back and forth to see that it actually is
in what way that is no longer our favorite.
Why is that.
Let's solve it in the next lecture.